# Agenda:

Chair: Giuliano   
Note-taker: Svetoslav

## Opening
Attendance

## Preparation for the meeting

For this meeting we prepared the following:

- Week 6 demo requirements: Full workflow of eating a vegetarian meal
- Merge feature branches to develop
- Merge develop to master
- Done all the weekly recurring tasks
- Made progress towards week 8 deadline: overview, leaderboard, profile


## Points of action

- Plan sprint 5, to make sure week 6 demo fully complete and assign tasks for week 8 deadline
- Tests and mockito
- Check with TA, how many extra points would these give:
    - login/signup
    - remember me, forgot password/password reset
    - extra activity options
    - profile type of car addition
    - Is there anything that we have to do with Information Literacy?
    - Please clarify great readme
    - Confirm readme is sufficient
    - Please confirm: There is a .gitignore, which contains all files that should never be committed. (0.1)
    - Please confirm:  Jars of libraries are put in the pom.xml and added to the .gitignore (0.1)
    
- `GO through rubric and confirm that we are doing these and other requirements correctly to get all points`
