

# Sprint Review of Sprint 6

## Main problems  Encountered

### Problem 1:
   Problems with the functionality of the  overview controller and leaderboard controller

### Problem 2:
We also had the additional meeting,where we talked about the problems and future development.


## Adjustments from previous sprints
- We did increase the branch coverage and are on track to receive the additional points for 100% coverage
- Apply the checkstyle to every class

## Adjustments for next sprint
Finish with the code part of the application by Friday, we have a meeting scheduled!
## Reflection on the previous sprint

### Wout Haakman (whaakman)
- Had complications with the MIL requests and has been doing maintenance on the server
### Jasmine (jdiaconu)
- Working on the -achievement popups has been difficult but interesting
### Giuliano (gforghieri)
- We completed everything for the demo's requirement.
- The extra meeting on Friday made sure that we also got the test coverage up.
### Mandy (mchang)
We seem to be very up-to-date with demo's
- I had a few problems with contents in the table of the leaderboard, but managed to fix them
### Gino (gtramontina)
- Communication was better than ever!
### Svetoslav (sstanoev)
- Despite having complications with the graph not working properly everything is going well
- I like how everything is going and we are in the final stretch